Tickets/preops 1407 (#7)
lsst/rtn-041: management.tex

\item Fabio Hernandez (FrDF)
\end{itemize}

This encompasses practically the entire operations DPLT as depicted in \figref{fig:DpOrg}. 
The AD of System Performance (Leanne Guy) also attended the DPLT meetings during the DP0.2 production period. 

\begin{figure}
\includegraphics[width=1.0\textwidth]{DpOrg}
\caption{Data Production Leadership in operations - most of which was involved in DP0.2. \label{fig:DpOrg}}
\end{figure}

\subsection{System Performance}
The Rubin Observatory System Performance department is responsible for ensuring that the LSST as a whole is proceeding with the efficiency and fidelity needed to achieve its science requirements at the end of the 10-year survey. 
Aspects of this charge that were exercised extensively as part of DP0.2 were a) QA and performance characterization analyses of the LSST data products by the Verification and Validation team and b) enabling the community to access and analyze the data and publish results by the Community Science team.

> Members of the System Performance Leadership team (SPLT) who participated in Data Preview 0.2 was:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the System Performance Leadership team (SPLT) who participated in Data Preview 0.2 were:
```

\end{itemize}

Figure \ref{fig:RPFOrg} show the organization chart of the System Performance department. 
Only the Verification and Validation, and Community Science teams were directly involved in Data Preview 0.2
\begin{figure}
\includegraphics[width=1.0\textwidth]{RPFOrg.pdf}
\caption{System Performance Leadership in Operations.  \label{fig:RPFOrg}}
\end{figure}
The SPLT meets every fortnight to review milestone and work progress. 

\subsection{Coordination}

During the production of Data Preview 0.2 regular coordination meetings were held every two weeks (out of phase with the DPLT meeting) with minutes recorded on Confluence at \href{https://confluence.lsstcorp.org/display/LSSTOps/Data+Preview+Coordination+Meeting+Notes}{Data Preview Coordination Meeting Notes}.

This meeting was attended by all the people directly involved in the data preview process: management, the processing infrastructure team, the science platform team, the execution team, the pipelines team, the verification and validation team, and the community science team.

This allowed the different teams to report on status and bring up any issues that needed to be addressed and made everyone aware of progress.

> Data Preview 0.1was released during this period and this allowed us to also include feedback from the Community Science Team as they interacted with the existing delegates and prepared updated tutorials for DP0.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Preview 0.1 was released during this period and this allowed us to also include feedback from the Community Science Team as they interacted with the existing delegates and prepared updated tutorials for DP0.2.
```
